# Go API client for veritrance_paynow

Veritrance API


## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 3.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import veritrance_paynow "github.com/abyssparanoia/go-veritrance/http_client"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), veritrance_paynow.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), veritrance_paynow.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), veritrance_paynow.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), veritrance_paynow.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.veritrans.co.jp:443*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AccountApi* | [**PaynowV2AddAccount**](docs/AccountApi.md#paynowv2addaccount) | **Post** /paynow/v2/Add/account | 会員情報を追加します。
*AccountApi* | [**PaynowV2DeleteAccount**](docs/AccountApi.md#paynowv2deleteaccount) | **Post** /paynow/v2/Delete/account | 会員 ID の会員情報を、指定された「退会年月日」に削除します。
*AccountApi* | [**PaynowV2UpdateAccount**](docs/AccountApi.md#paynowv2updateaccount) | **Post** /paynow/v2/Update/account | 会員 ID の「入会年月日」を更新します。


## Documentation For Models

 - [AbstractPayNowIdResponse](docs/AbstractPayNowIdResponse.md)
 - [AccountAddResponse](docs/AccountAddResponse.md)
 - [AccountAddResponsePayNowIdResponse](docs/AccountAddResponsePayNowIdResponse.md)
 - [AccountAddResponsePayNowIdResponseAllOf](docs/AccountAddResponsePayNowIdResponseAllOf.md)
 - [AccountV2](docs/AccountV2.md)
 - [CardInfoV2](docs/CardInfoV2.md)
 - [PayNowIdResponse](docs/PayNowIdResponse.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



